 <br><br>
 In my life, friendships and family have been like ships passing in the night; limited enough to be clutched by a set of hands each, maybe with a few digits to spare. Life, sometimes, feels like a collection of fleeting moments, connections made and lost in the blink of an eye. Friendships drift away, family ties loosen, leaving a hollowness that echoes in the soul. But then, like a vibrant burst of color after a relentless storm, you appeared. 



One day, I met you and now I don't want to let go. I speak slowly but when my voice gets extremely weak, I hope it could still be listened by you. If there’s really a next life_ I still want to see you… accompany you in your journey… enjoy the years together… see you, smile just coz you are there and be quiet… but be there as a small miniscule part of your life... I don't know where next after this city. You might not even miss me after a day or two, but I still think “Will there will be a chance to see you again?” I suddenly realize that I am a nostalgic person. In the past, I have always felt that the people around me were just passers-by of life. However, some people who I have accompanied for a long time, I realize I would be reluctant to part with them.. you most of all. When the sun sets in my life, when I will like to have a closest ones around me, when my hands grow weak and when voice stops, let me lean against your shoulders till my breath gets its final release as if I had fallen asleep peacefully. 
You were the missing piece, the reason my life has taken flight over the past year, not just possible, but real. Life breaks everyone but afterwards, some become strong at the broken places. Thank you, for being a blessing, thank you for sitting in those rainy days while suffering from cramps with me. Thank you for that human touch, little bit of emotions to calm my volatile personality. I won't deny you your day, I have written enough stupid stuff but whatever is mine, you can have it, anything for your smile, just say it.
 